don't don't did I ever have a chance
before I before cuz all I don't paint so
long
the most incredible movie ever ever
movie about gangsters shoulder bag
mission silent show about this man oh
it's a horror movie junkie it's a sign
forgive me and look okay grunting chain
look at the chain every by an inch
wheels everybody yeah they got me yeah
you get sniffing cocaine right out to
DVD whoa whoa as you have cliff it's
missed on this ti so believable I really
believe all over Randall it's just kind
of taking naked break down the dichotomy
of the characters of cocaine city this
movie is all about the macbeth
Shakespearean aspect of Rick Ross I'm
drug dealer trying to get out yes people
yes yeah and then you see the part of
the movie where the guy comes in when
i'll pass the popcorn over the head or
if you look in the middle you can see an
Aurora of hope one of the characters of
the movie and I think I brings us into a
broader scale sod1 yes hold up we have
the most incredible actor dwayne carter
atlanta portion yes known as low i
believe that in the blood girl i believe
no special occasion I've incredible
Wayne in this movie world I don't see
the town I really believe has the White
Album r52 white bouncing you know it's
it's a great movie i really enjoyed it
young jeezy oh wow the patriarch did he
just get the marrow ask Jeezy is
patriarch of this whole this whole
journey his pile a more riveting in
Marvin and the Godfather I love it was
incredible this was out of love this is
my corn essays and Hegel I had man
Freeman it with genome sir bread with
cheese everybody famous jinx words
Martin Scorsese ah Francis Ford Coppola
ah put the little bit of John wool with
a little bit of John woman and also
what's the other agent guy who did the
gay movie and the Hulk Angley angle I
saw a little Emily I don't know no
Charlie I wasn't looking at that but now
now now this movie perhaps the most
realistic movie I've ever seen in my
life just right i joined forget all the
head man i'm gonna give it a buffy the
body holder t8 with some 22 waste OD
okay okay how many of those just want
just one all right it's not opening
you let us think you are so fun